program.md, before:

# Statistical Inference Module

Module divided into 6 3h sessions over 2 weeks.

## Week 1: Probability, Distributions and Sampling

### Session 1: Probability

- Class

- Class Notebooks
  - [Notebook](https://www.kaggle.com/code/santosjgnd/probability-1-1-probabilities-exercises) - Basic Probability
  - [Notebook](https://www.kaggle.com/code/santosjgnd/probability-1-2-conditional-probability-exercise) - Conditional Probability
  - [Notebook](https://www.kaggle.com/code/santosjgnd/probability-1-3-expectedvalues-variance-exercises) - Expected Values

### Session 2. Distributions

- Class

- Class Notebooks

  - [Notebook](https://www.kaggle.com/code/santosjgnd/distributions-class-distrbutions-1-1-true) - Discrete Distributions
  - [Notebook](https://www.kaggle.com/code/santosjgnd/distributions-class-distrbutions-1-2) - The Cumulative Distribution Function
  - [Notebook](https://www.kaggle.com/code/santosjgnd/distributions-class-distrbutions-2) - Continuous Distributions
  - [Notebook](https://www.kaggle.com/code/santosjgnd/distributions-class-distrbutions-3) - Sampling from a Distribution

- Exercises Notebooks
  - [Notebook](https://www.kaggle.com/santosjgnd/distributions-exercises) - Simulating a Distribution

### Session 3. Sampling

- Class

- Class Notebooks

  - [Notebook](https://www.kaggle.com/code/santosjgnd/sampling-1-1-lnn) - The Law of Large Numbers
  - [Notebook](https://www.kaggle.com/code/santosjgnd/sampling-1-2-standard-error) - Sampling Error
  - [Notebook](https://www.kaggle.com/code/santosjgnd/sampling-1-3-clt) - The Central Limit Theorem

- Exercises Notebooks
  - [Notebook](https://www.kaggle.com/santosjgnd/samplg-exercises/edit) - Sampling Error

Commit message:

add data notebooks to week1

program.md, after:

# Statistical Inference Module

Module divided into 6 3h sessions over 2 weeks.

### Data

- The Dehli temperature dataset. Introduced in this [Notebook](https://www.kaggle.com/santosjgnd/the-dehli-dataset)
- The Call Center dataset. Introduced in this [Notebook](https://www.kaggle.com/santosjgnd/call-center-dataset)

## Week 1: Probability, Distributions and Sampling

### Session 1: Probability

- Class

- Class Notebooks
  - [Notebook](https://www.kaggle.com/code/santosjgnd/probability-1-1-probabilities-exercises) - Basic Probability
  - [Notebook](https://www.kaggle.com/code/santosjgnd/probability-1-2-conditional-probability-exercise) - Conditional Probability
  - [Notebook](https://www.kaggle.com/code/santosjgnd/probability-1-3-expectedvalues-variance-exercises) - Expected Values

### Session 2. Distributions

- Class

- Class Notebooks

  - [Notebook](https://www.kaggle.com/code/santosjgnd/distributions-class-distrbutions-1-1-true) - Discrete Distributions
  - [Notebook](https://www.kaggle.com/code/santosjgnd/distributions-class-distrbutions-1-2) - The Cumulative Distribution Function
  - [Notebook](https://www.kaggle.com/code/santosjgnd/distributions-class-distrbutions-2) - Continuous Distributions
  - [Notebook](https://www.kaggle.com/code/santosjgnd/distributions-class-distrbutions-3) - Sampling from a Distribution

- Exercises Notebooks
  - [Notebook](https://www.kaggle.com/santosjgnd/distributions-exercises) - Simulating a Distribution

### Session 3. Sampling

- Class

- Class Notebooks

  - [Notebook](https://www.kaggle.com/code/santosjgnd/sampling-1-1-lnn) - The Law of Large Numbers
  - [Notebook](https://www.kaggle.com/code/santosjgnd/sampling-1-2-standard-error) - Sampling Error
  - [Notebook](https://www.kaggle.com/code/santosjgnd/sampling-1-3-clt) - The Central Limit Theorem

- Exercises Notebooks
  - [Notebook](https://www.kaggle.com/santosjgnd/samplg-exercises/edit) - Sampling Error
